alias -- Define a new command that is an alias of an existing command.
arena -- Print the contents of an arena, default to the current thread's arena.
arenas -- List this process's arenas.
argc -- Prints out the number of arguments.
argv -- Prints out the contents of argv.
aslr -- Check the current ASLR status, or turn it on/off.

backtrace, where, bt -- Print backtrace of all stack frames, or innermost COUNT frames.
bc -- Clear the breakpoint with the specified index.
bd -- Disable the breakpoint with the specified index.
be -- Enable the breakpoint with the specified index.
bins -- Print the contents of all an arena's bins and a thread's tcache, default to the current thread's arena and tcache.
bl -- List breakpoints.
bp -- Set a breakpoint at the specified address.
break-range -- Set a breakpoint for an address range.

canary -- Print out the current stack canary.
clear, cl -- Clear breakpoint at specified location.
context -- Print out the current register, instruction, and stack context.
contextghidra -- Show current function decompiled by ghidra
continue, fg, c -- Continue program being debugged, after signal or breakpoint.

da -- Dump a string at the specified address.
db -- Starting at the specified address, dump N bytes.
delete, del, d -- Delete all or some breakpoints.
distance -- Print the distance between the two arguments.
dump -- Dump target code/data to a local file.
dump binary -- Write target code/data to a raw binary file.
dumpargs -- Prints determined arguments for call instruction.

eb -- Write hex bytes at the specified address.
edit -- Edit specified file or function.
elfheader -- Prints the section mappings contained in the ELF header.
enable, en -- Enable all or some breakpoints.
emulate -- Like nearpc, but will emulate instructions from the current $PC forward.
entry -- Set a breakpoint at the first instruction executed in
envp -- Prints out the contents of the environment.
ez -- Write a string at the specified address.

fastbins -- Print the contents of an arena's fastbins, default to the current thread's arena.
find -- Search memory for a sequence of bytes.
find_fake_fast -- Find candidate fake fast chunks overlapping the specified address.
finish, fin -- Execute until selected stack frame returns.

hbreak -- Set a hardware assisted breakpoint.
heap -- Iteratively print chunks on a heap, default to the current thread's active heap.
hexdump -- Hexdumps data at the specified address or module name (or at $sp)
	
if -- Execute nested commands once IF the conditional expression is non zero.
info args -- All argument variables of current stack frame or those matching REGEXPs.
info address -- Describe where symbol SYM is stored.
info all-registers -- List of all registers and their contents, for selected stack frame.
info variables -- All global and static variable names or those matching REGEXPs.
info symbol -- Describe what symbol is at location ADDR.
info source -- Information about the current source file.
info functions -- All function names or those matching REGEXPs.
info program -- Execution status of the program.
info threads -- Display currently known threads.
info stack, info s -- Backtrace of the stack, or innermost COUNT frames.
info breakpoints, info b -- Status of specified breakpoints (all user-settable breakpoints if no argument).
info file -- hien thi dia chi cua cac section nhe, cai nay xin hon vmmap

j -- Synchronize IDA's cursor with GDB

k -- Print a backtrace (alias 'bt').

largebins -- Print the contents of an arena's largebins, default to the current thread's arena.

nearpc -- Disassemble near a specified address.

nextjmp -- Breaks at the next jump instruction.
next, n -- Step program, proceeding through subroutine calls.
nextcall -- Breaks at the next call instruction
nextsyscall -- Breaks at the next syscall not taking branches.

pid -- Gets the pid.
print, inspect, p -- Print value of expression EXP.
python, py -- Evaluate a Python command.

rbreak -- Set a breakpoint for all functions matching REGEXP.
regs -- Print out all registers and enhance the information.
reload -- Reload pwndbg.
ropgadget -- Dump ROP gadgets with Jon Salwan's ROPgadget tool.
run, r -- Start debugged program.
ropper -- ROP gadget search with ropper.

search -- Search memory for byte sequences, strings, pointers, and integer values
save -- Save breakpoint definitions as a script.
step, s -- Step program until it reaches a different source line.
stack -- dereferences on stack data with specified count and offset.
start -- Set a breakpoint at a convenient location in the binary,
shell, ! -- Execute the rest of the line as a shell command.

tcache -- Print a thread's tcache contents, default to the current thread's tcache.
trace, trac, tra, tr, tp -- Set a tracepoint at specified location.

until -- Execute until past the current line or past a LOCATION.

while -- Execute nested commands WHILE the conditional expression is non zero.

xinfo -- Shows offsets of the specified address to useful other locations
xor -- XOR `count` bytes at address` with the key key`.
xuntil -- Continue execution until an address or function.





